Update README.md (#2499)
google/googletest: README.md

#### Coming Soon

> *   Post 1.10.x google test will follow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Post 1.10.x googletest will follow
```

**Google Mock** is an extension to Google Test for writing and using C++ mock
classes. See the separate [Google Mock documentation](googlemock/README.md).

> More detailed documentation for google test is in its interior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More detailed documentation for googletest is in its interior
```

## Platforms

> Google test has been used in a variety of platforms:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Google test has been used on a variety of platforms:
```

### Build Requirements

> These are the base requirements to build and use the Google Test from a source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the base requirements to build and use googletest from a source
```
